= rack-cas-client
  This middleware will redirect all unauthenticated requests to the specified cas server. After a successful authentication the cas server will redirect the user back to your application with a service ticket. This ticket is used to check the validity of the user's session on subsequent calls.

  By default the user's login username is store in the session (session['cas']['user']). If your cas server is configured to send extra attributes (http://code.google.com/p/rubycas-server/wiki/HowToSendExtraUserAttributes), then they are accessible at (session['cas']['user_extra']).

  To log user out, send a DELETE to /logout and the middleware will delete the user's session.

  This middleware was inspired by the 'rubycas-client-rails' gem 

== Basic Usage
 require 'rack/cas_client.rb'

 app = Rack::Builder.new {
   use Rack::Session::Cookie
   use Rack::Cas::Client, :cas_base_url => 'https://cas.myserver:443/', :session_dir => './tmp/sessions'
   run lambda {|env|
     request = Rack::Request.new(env)
     [200, {'Content-Type' => 'text/html'}, ['<p>You are in '+"#{request.session['cas']['user']}"+' </p><p>Extra '+ "#{request.session['cas']['user_extra'].inspect}" +'</p><form action="/logout" method="post"><input type="hidden" name="_method" value="delete" /><input type="submit" value="out"/></form> ']]
   }
 }

run app

== Rails
 In config/application.rb or in an environment file

 config.middleware.insert_after ActionDispatch::Session::CookieStore,  Rack::Cas::Client, :cas_base_url => 'https://cas.server:443/', :session_dir => './tmp/sessions'

== Sinatra
 require 'sinatra/base'
 
 class App < Sinatra::Base
   use Rack::Session::Cookie
   use Rack::Cas::Client, :cas_base_url => 'https://cas.myserver:443/', :session_dir => './tmp/sessions'
 end

 run App.new


== Todo
 * Add tests
 * cleanup code

== Contributing to rack-cas-client
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Jerome Riga. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

